Generally, the DBA does not handle this part. We are, however, storing the instructions here to be
thorough and in the event that the programming teams needs to recall how this is done.

1. Visit the URL for the endpoint you intend to call from the database
2. Immediately left of the URL bar, find and click on the lock icon
3. If using Chrome browser...
    a. Navigate through "Connection is secure" -> "Certificate is valid"
4. If using Edge browser...
    a. Click on "Connection is secure"
    b. Find and click on the tiny certificate icon along the top right edge of the popup area (just left of the "X" icon)
5. In the popup window that appears, click the "Details" tab
6. Select the item at the very top of the Certificate Hierarchy section--this is the root cert
7. Click "Export" at the bottom of the popup
    a. If your browser is configured to ask you where to save downloaded items…
        i. Leave the cert with its existing/pre-generated name or change it to something meaningful
        ii. Make sure the name includes ".crt" as the file extension at the very end of the filename
            *. If this is not present, the certificate will not download as a certificate file and, while Oracle will allow it to be installed in the Wallet, Oracle will not be able to validate the certificate and requests involving it cannot be made
        iii. Click "Save" to download the cert
8. If using Firefox...
    a. Visit the URL for the endpoint you intend to call from the database
    b. Immediately left of the URL bar, find and click on the lock icon
    c. Navigate "Connection is secure" -> "More information"
    d. In the new window that appears, click the "View Certificate" button
    e. After the new tab opens…
        i. Select the certificate that is farthest right in top navigation bar OR...
        ii. Select the certificate with "Root CA" or something similar in its name
    f. Scroll down the page to the Miscellaneous section
    g. Click the link next to "Download"--make sure to click the link with "(cert)" at the end of it, not "(chain)"
    h. If your browser is configured to ask you where to save downloaded items…
        i. Leave the cert with its existing/pre-generated name or change it to something meaningful
        ii. Make sure the name includes ".crt" as the file extension at the very end of the filename
            *. If this is not present, the certificate will not download as a certificate file and, while Oracle will allow it to be installed in the Wallet, Oracle will not be able to validate the certificate and requests involving it cannot be made
            **. A potentially workable caveat is if the file extension name is ".pem"--using this type of cert file has not been tested yet, but may still be valid
        iii. Click "Save" to download the cert
